I set up the initial repo and messed with the theme, but for some reason, my blog posts no longer showed up so I scrapped it and went back to the default "minima" earlier this evening. My partner and I decided the only reasonably useful endpoint for the Open Brewery API was the one that returned a list of breweries. As such, we had 6 modifications to use. We initially created individual functions for each and then later combined them into 1 massive function separated by if-statements.
We liked this approach because it allows the user to use any combination of the modifications in a single function. I assumed we would split up the modifications as 3 each, but my partner started before me and already had some done, so I took the remaining 2 -- namely, by_postal and by_dist. We each did 3 graphs; I did the histograms and scatter plot. We each wrote commentary for the modifications and graphs we produced. Finally, I messed with setting up the public pages and trying to get everything rendering correctly. I had to spend a bit of time with trial and error to understand how to set up the README.R file and which toc options can be used with the github_output. We initially thought the toc options needed to be in the README.R file.

We spent quite a bit of time deciding whether or not we were contacting 6 different endpoints or using a single endpoint with 6 modifications (this would also determine the necessary steps to completing the project requirements). We decided what truly determines whether a different url is another endpoint or simply a modification is determined before the question mark in the url; because they were all the same here, we would be accessing the same database regardless of which modifications we used. In the NHL API example, the endpoints were different and accessed different databases.

Overall, I think the most challenging aspect was trying to figure out how to relate certain variables to others in order to have a (somewhat) cohesive exploratory data analysis. This was especially difficult with latitude and longitude being the only truly numerical variables in our dataset. Some of the analyses felt like a bit of a stretch as far as usefulness is concerned, but I was happy to at least figure out something that works and be able to (again, somewhat) intelligently talk about it.

Links:  
[Rendered Github Pages Repo](https://jzfeathe.github.io/project-2/)  
[Project 2 Repo](https://github.com/jzfeathe/project-2)
